Multicluster tutorial (#681)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Tutorials/multicluster/10-Install-Travels-west-cluster copy.md

apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: travels
  labels:
    app: travels
spec:
  ports:
    - name: http
      port: 8000
  selector:
    app: travels
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: insurances
  labels:
    app: insurances
spec:
  ports:
    - name: http
      port: 8000
  selector:
    app: insurances
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: hotels
  labels:
    app: hotels
spec:
  ports:
    - name: http
      port: 8000
  selector:
    app: hotels
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: flights
  labels:
    app: flights
spec:
  ports:
    - name: http
      port: 8000
  selector:
    app: flights
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: discounts
  labels:
    app: discounts
spec:
  ports:
    - name: http
      port: 8000
  selector:
    app: discounts
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: cars
  labels:
    app: cars
spec:
  ports:
    - name: http
      port: 8000
  selector:
    app: cars
EOF
```

After the installation, we can see that traffic is flowing to the remote cluster too:

![Travels MC](/images/mc-tutorial/04.png "Travels MC")

> This is happening automatically, Istio balances the traffic to both services. The key thing to notice here is that there is a concept called namespace sameness in Istio that is very important when planning our multi cluster setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is happening automatically, Istio balances the traffic to both services. The key thing to notice here is that there is a concept called namespace sameness in Istio that is very important when planning our multicluster setup.
```
